OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/main/index.md

1. Select the **Sign On** tab.
1. In the **Sign On Policy** section, verify that the **Available Authenticators** is appropriate for your app. For non-multifactor use cases, ensure that the **1 factor** authenticator is **Password**.

> > **Note:** From the **General** tab of your app integration, save the generated **Client ID** value (and if applicable, the **Client secret** value) to be used later on in your embedded solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** From the **General** tab of your app integration, save the generated **Client ID** value (and if applicable, the **Client secret** value) that us used later on in your embedded solution.
```

### Set up your Okta org for a social IdP use case

> This section shows you how to set up your Okta org and app to support Facebook IdP use cases available in this embedded authentication guide. If you want to implement a use case with another social IdP, see [Add an external Identity Provider](/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/apple/before-you-begin/) for the list of Okta supported social IdPs and instructions on how to configure them for social authentication with Okta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows you how to set up your Okta org and app to support Facebook IdP use cases that are available in this embedded authentication guide. If you want to implement a use case with another social IdP, see [Add an external Identity Provider](/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/apple/before-you-begin/) for the list of Okta supported social IdPs and instructions on how to configure them for social authentication with Okta.
```

> This section shows you how to set up your Okta org and app to support Facebook IdP use cases that are available in this embedded authentication guide. If you want to implement a use case with another social IdP, see [Add an external Identity Provider](/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/apple/before-you-begin/) for the list of Okta supported social IdPs and instructions on how to configure them for social authentication with Okta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows you how to set up your Okta org and app to support Facebook IdP use cases that are available in this embedded authentication guide. If you want to implement a use case with another social IdP, see [Add an external Identity Provider](/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/apple/before-you-begin/) for the list of Okta-supported social IdPs and instructions on how to configure them for social authentication with Okta.
```
